you chew was taken by storm last week
Twitter a very exciting charismatic
interesting youtuber her name is Arielle
Scarcella she's a lesbian she was here
is here for the Mardi Gras
she was D platformed for the Mardi Gras
she came out and said I'm leaving the
left let's just have a look at that
a few grabs from that YouTube don't
think like these people and I no longer
want to be associated with them I've
reached peak LGBT this is my coming-out
video never in my life have I been more
canceled tortured tormented harassed
then by members of my own community some
of you have noticed this change coming
on to my channel within the past two
years as I've gotten what some people
would say more conservative and yeah I
have haven't I since the queer movement
right now is obsessed with all these
different labels and I am a fan of
labels I wanted to share a new label of
mine with you I'm coming out I am
officially leaving a left sorry she's
coming out and what better place to come
out than here on Outsiders welcome
Arielle
welcome to outsiders yeah so you're here
in Sydney first time first time you
enjoying it
beautiful yeah well I came from New
York's freezing there yeah exactly with
anything that's more than that so you've
caused quite a stir because you've said
you're leaving the left you utter the
dreaded c-word conservative I mean come
on
what are you thinking of so just talk us
through your journey if you like tell us
about your YouTube channel and how you
arrived at this point of leaving the
left oh my god okay it's a lot I've been
making content on YouTube for 10 years
yeah so doesn't did not happen overnight
by any sense of the word following yeah
you know 600,000 subscribers worldwide
worldwide which is great that's a good
thing about YouTube
yeah I've been making lgbtq+ what I
consider lgbtq+ content for 10 years and
over the past five I would say I started
including being more trans inclusive and
I think the main thing is that every day
the word like the words that people are
using to define themselves are changing
like we can't keep up and you know I'll
say transwoman
you know that they can be lesbians or
something and then all of a sudden
somebody you know somebody in the left's
gonna get a friend did somebody on the
Rights gonna get a friend and I've
always kind of been more in the center
without actually coming out and saying
it which is why I've always gotten hate
from both sides and I'm just I've always
gotten more hate from the super
progressive left as we call them so so
what you've sort of been finding is that
you can never be woken up is that
basically the problem that's happening
here and you can't like we had a trans
woman of color who identifies as a
lesbian on our panel and even she got
hate from people of the LGBT community
is you being called a turf a transfer
phob and one of the reasons you were
labeled as transphobic was because as a
lesbian you prefer to date females with
female anatomy no laughing matter
because this is it's led to her being
labeled a bigot right they say yeah if a
man identifies as a woman even if that
still has a penis then you should date
him because right a lot of them do say
that a lot of them do so and if you
don't you're a transfer yeah yeah did
you see straight pants oh no this is
happening
so I keep I keep hearing this sort of
thing is happening but I always just
sort of think that this is come on
this has got to be a put-on right but
it's not it's not if you look up there's
something called a cotton ceiling the
coffee ceiling yeah it's basically I
mean like I've never think is I've never
had an issue with trans women calling
themselves lesbians if they present as
women like there's a difference between
somebody like you like you that dates
women that calls themselves lesbians
rather than somebody that looks like you
you would have no idea what it's like to
live as a woman like maybe mentally like
but there's there's also physically
emotionally in societal right like
there's you have you would have no idea
what it's like to live those those you
know experiences and so what comes down
to is if you as a lesbian say that a
transgender person is not a real woman
hmm that's it
you're
your transfer you ought to be D
platformed you ought to be shut down
right lots of sweet you were invited to
speak at the Mardi Gras and then told
you couldn't is that correct correct
I've never said that trans women aren't
women I've said I've said that trans
women are trans women which is that the
best way you can say it like because
they they have a totally different lived
experience compared to sis women
compared to this lesbians I hate that
term system no no but just from a
context for context but I thing to me is
sort of a new formal conversion therapy
because there is it is telling you it is
you can't be a lesbian and prefer female
bodies you must now date people with
penises well that's that that identifies
but you see how they're very
manipulative with the language right you
said you prefer it's not a preference
and and and they got you but using the
last sexual orientation is not a
preference it's it's it's you can't
change it like it's just it's an 8 it's
immutable the button you know the way
they're starting to you know basically
take charge of the conversation they're
the loudest they're the vocal majority a
vocal minority and yeah they I think
that you like you said before you can't
be woken up on well she had the only
lesbian event at the guy the only guy
Liz be the only lesbian fully lesbian
event the only you know non trans non
queer lesbian focused event in Sydney
Mardi Gras and we were deep lat formed
by address email to male drag queen like
fine be a drag queens would do whatever
you want but like if I'm not deep
platforming you and I'm giving you the
right to speak and that includes hating
on what I say you should not be platform
me like you should also give me the
right to say to speak my truth and for
the people that are backing me and I you
surprised the organizers what gave into
a single not surprising that's a nice
but this is I want to pick up on the
reader saying here because it seems to
be watching this play out women tend to
suffer an awful lot from a lot of what
is going on with this very far left
witness so this seems to be would you
say that that women like lesbians more
straight tend to be the ones who want it
being targeted the most by this sort of
thing absolutely and I think it's I
think it's partial misogyny and I think
I think it's also less phobia you know I
think there's so much to unpack I think
that first of all people don't take
lesbians seriously like naughty you know
more people are coming out more more
women are coming out as queer and and
kind of just leaving the word lesbian
behind there have been like these
different things to different people I
think and I think that's fine
but it's not okay to take away a word in
a definition that that's meant something
for some people and still mean something
for a lot of people what do you think is
behind this manipulation of the language
and manipulation I would argue of
biological truths
what's bi I think it's I think it's
validation I think it's moral you know
superiority point-scoring I think it's
oppression points I think these people
lack self-love honestly and they're
looking like for it from anywhere else
external when it comes from me like if
somebody said to me that I wasn't a
woman I'd be like okay relax self-love
to me there's a narcissistic element
torment entitlement act much oh my god
is it entitled yes always I don't like a
performance yeah you talked about the
the people who break the barriers in
your community ones who came 3040 years
ago whether yes anyone yeah oppression
how they been treated by this new mob be
back dude they can't my friend buck
angels uh my allowed to say like yeah
we're gonna get him on the show isn't
expecting us right yeah 50-something
year-old transsexual porn star he's you
know been a trans activist transsexual
print trans activist for like longer
than these kids have been alive and they
call him a turf in a transfer because he
believes in you know he believes in
certain things that I do a female
segregated spaces you know and that's
not because we don't think trans women
generally should be treated as women but
like in regards to sex there needs to be
lines you know otherwise we have people
like Karen white I don't know if you've
heard that's the way yes you know people
remind us I tell us yeah I mean Karen I
think it was big I think it was you
somebody I don't think they're trans
woman but they identified that way and
they got transferred to a female prison
and and raped women so it's happened in
the States it's happened what do you
think of transgender athletes because
again it's the women who lose yeah it's
always the women that are losing out
because it's it because you know we we
gen generally have disadvantages in most
most cases biologically right what do I
think of sports you said right yeah I
think that it was in sports it has
nothing to do with being trans it's not
transphobic to be exclusionary because
then you know that would basically say
well if a trans guy it looks like me he
also wouldn't be able to compete in
female sports which is not true so it's
not transphobic it's it's it's dividing
people based on their sex and their
biological sex traits so for me if a
trans woman did not go through male
puberty they don't have an advantage
that's that's my take on it I want to
show you a video that's gone viral in
the last couple of days basically a drag
queen dancing suggestively I saw a
little girl let's take a look at it yeah
[Music]
are they
now what's so disturbing about that
video RL is not only that this child is
being subjected to this really sexual
behavior which is the target of it and
you've got a room full of adults
laughing cheering encouraging it how do
we get here I don't know I think it's
like the same thing with drag queen
story time I think the drag itself
doesn't have to be sexualized doesn't
have to be hyper sexual but it can be
and again the lines being crossed you
know if it was just somebody dressed in
drag you know even just started camping
communic right they started camping
comedic right like it I think so like it
can be like generally speaking drag
culture is very hyper sexualized like
this videos of drag queens teaching kids
how to twerk that's not okay in my
opinion if you're just doing it we've
got to leave it there thanks so much for
coming on
welcome to the conservative world if one
thing you will find it more welcoming
and hopefully a lot less confusing who
knows it's certainly very confusing
online and welcome to Sydney and we hope
you see thank you